as with the previous Manny Pacquiao
video this one also has a disclaimer and
a warning
simply because I don't like foolishness
it's just one of those things I don't
like so I would really much prefer if
you would keep the contents of your
response to something to do with the
video or something to do boxing in
general or just you know technique
skills things you can improve on I don't
really want to see silly stupid
responses and also I just want to say
that this disclaimer and warning will be
on all my Pacquiao videos really there's
no mystery why it's because of the
nature of the kind of people who can
sometimes comment on these videos not
the smartest people so with that said
the video is titled was it just a lucky
punch
obviously referring to the knockout
punch in the 2012 fight with Pacquiao
Marquez now below I've defined the
meaning of the word lock success or
failure apparently caused by chance
rather than through one's own actions so
what he was saying is that that knockout
punch was actually because of just
random chance as opposed to the skill
and the and the actions of the legendary
Marquez who is one of the legendary
fighters of his era
I find this to be highly disrespectful
so let's see what happens
as you can see the legendary marques
basically sees that Jap coming in
Pacquiao drops his left hand as always
when he jams to lose something I pointed
out in the previous video
Marcus lucid reject the jab to the
outside patio has left himself
completely wide open to be countered and
Marquez thanks him for this with a
powerful straight right to the exposed
head knocking him out so due to poor
defensive responsibilities Pacquiao has
been caught dangerously on the chin and
feels the full force of the punch when
you leave yourself wide open in a
dangerous sport like boxing you're
always always asking for trouble and
Pacquiao gets into trouble and he's out
cold
now what you just saw happened in round
six isn't it funny how they've claimed
that was a lucky punch yet in round five
Marquez hits him with the same counter
how is it possible for someone to have a
lucky punch in round six when he hits
you with the same thing in round five I
just find that very funny unless of
course maybe Marquez was lucky again in
real fact maybe maybe he's just one of
the luckiest fighters who's ever been in
boxing maybe I don't know because I'm
trying to work it out myself so don't
tell me didn't see what happened
Marc Pacquiao she said something throw a
right hook the guys countered the exact
same way right because he always drops
his left hand anyway Pacquiao attempts a
right hook and as I said he always drops
his left hand because he's a flawed
fighter if we're talking about my
Pacquiao then he's gonna drop his left
hand so you know Marquez slips to the
outside and counters with the same right
hand same when he catches him in round
six now Pacquiao could have been knocked
out right here in round five so it just
shows you how lucky quote-unquote lucky
Marquez really is but see what's funny
is if he had knocked him out in round
five you guys would have said that this
was the lucky punch
funny now those kimchee just overall in
2012 in the four
fact that they had now I'm going to show
you coach from 2008 when we had the
second fight and now I'm just going to
show you how quote-unquote Marquez was
so lucky once again to land the same
counters once again in 2008 as he landed
four years later in 2012 isn't it funny
how they told us that Manny Pacquiao had
improved since 2008 quote/unquote
improved how can you improve and then be
hit with the same counter that you were
hit in 2008 four years later in 2012
doesn't sound like much of an
improvement to me but let's take a look
what happened in the second fight same
thing
jab slipped to the outside and he
counters with a right hand
she pack out drops his left hand once
again every time he jabs Marquez slips
the outside encounters with the right
hand so isn't it funny how market is
countering him the same way that he
counts as him in 2012 so he really must
be one of the luckiest fighters that
I've ever seen personally because I'm
just trying to work this out myself if
that was a lucky punch in 2012 they must
also been lucky in 2008 so how lucky is
this guy and we see it again packing up
jabs Marquez slip see outside and
counters with the same right hand so
more luck from Marquez the same sequence
happens again remember this is in 2008
Pacquiao I suppose I've improved
quote-unquote since 2008 but the same
counter that happens here he's the same
counter of knocks him out in 2012 he's
being hit with the same thing so Marquez
has just been repeatedly lucky over and
over and over again very very strange
how one man can have so much
quote/unquote luck it's amazing so here
we see the same counter once again
hi that comment will hunt down that top
drop like popular and again red light
green light go nope red light green
light go talk about red light green
light go talk about fast like one night
show give red light green light go talk
about fast life one light show in a game
black